clarify: cluster guides are also for workspace providers (#576)
cdr/docs: setup/kubernetes/index.md

---
title: Kubernetes
description: Learn how to set up a Kubernetes cluster compatible with Coder.
---

This section contains guides for creating a compatible cluster on common cloud
platforms, including Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, and Amazon Web
Services. If you already have a Kubernetes cluster that meets Coder's

> [requirements](../requirements.md), you may wish to proceed to the [installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[requirements](../requirements.md), you can proceed to the [installation
```
